Restore 3.0's definition of jurisdiction (#506)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-3-structures-3-meaning.md

#### `PLAC` (Place) `g7:PLAC`

The principal place in which the superstructure's subject occurred,
represented as a [List] of jurisdictional entities in a sequence from the lowest to the highest jurisdiction,

> where each jurisdiction is a unit in a political, ecclesiastical, or geographical hierarchy.

Author: ```suggestion
where "jurisdiction" includes units in a political, ecclesiastical, and geographical hierarchies
and may include units as large as a nation or as specific as a building, farm, or cemetery.
```
